Update Teams-add-in-for-Outlook.md (#5555)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Teams-add-in-for-Outlook.md

The Teams Meeting add-in is still building functionality, so be aware of the following:

> - The Teams Meeting add-in requires an Exchange mailbox for the primary user scheduling the meeting.  Ensure you have at least one Exchange mailbox configured in your Outlook profile and use it to schedule Teams Meetings with the add-in.  For Exchange requirements refer to How Exchange and Microsoft Teams interact https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/exchange-teams-interact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Teams Meeting add-in requires an Exchange mailbox for the primary user scheduling the meeting. Ensure that you have at least one Exchange mailbox configured in your Outlook profile and use it to schedule Teams Meetings with the add-in. For Exchange requirements, refer to [How Exchange and Microsoft Teams interact](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/exchange-teams-interact).
```
